docs(troubleshooting): add section for `Failed to fetch dynamically imported module` error (#20313)
vitejs/vite: docs/guide/troubleshooting.md

If you are using a framework, refer to their documentation first as it may have a built-in solution for this problem.

To resolve this, you can:

- **Keep old chunks temporarily**: Consider keeping the previous deployment's chunks for a period to allow cached users to transition smoothly.
- **Use a service worker**: Implement a service worker that will prefetch all the assets and cache them.
- **Prefetch the dynamic chunks**: Note that this does not help if your HTML file is cached by the browser due to `Cache-Control` headers.
- **Implement a graceful fallback**: Implement error handling for dynamic imports to reload the page when chunks are missing. See [Load Error Handling](./build.md#load-error-handling) for more details.

#### Poor network conditions

This error may occur in unstable network environments. For example, when the request fails due to network errors or server downtime.

Note that you cannot retry the dynamic import due to browser limitations ([whatwg/html#6768](https://github.com/whatwg/html/issues/6768)).

#### Browser extensions blocking requests

The error may also occur if the browser extensions (like ad-blockers) are blocking that request.

> It might be possible to workaround by selecting a different chunk name by [`build.rollupOptions.output.chunkFileNames`](../config/build-options.md#build-rollupoptions).

Author: ```suggestion
It might be possible to work around by selecting a different chunk name by [`build.rollupOptions.output.chunkFileNames`](../config/build-options.md#build-rollupoptions).
```
